Implement x/oracle for JUNO (#329)
CosmosContracts/juno: price-feeder/README.md

# Oracle Price Feeder

The `price-feeder` tool is an extension of Juno's `x/oracle` module, both of
which are based on Terra's [x/oracle](https://github.com/terra-money/classic-core/tree/main/x/oracle) and Umee [x/oracle](https://github.com/umee-network/tree/umee/x/oracle) module.
core differences are as follows:

- All exchange rates must be quoted in USD or USD stablecoins.
- No need or use of reference exchange rates (e.g. Luna).
- No need or use of Tobin tax.

> - The `price-feeder` combines both `feeder` and `price-server` into a single

Reviewer: All of these are differences from the terra fork to the umee fork, everything else here looks the same

Author: We'll add Juno swap as price provider. Yep it's implemented from Umee.

Reviewer: ty for clarifying in docs @vuong177 💯

# Oracle Price Feeder

> This is Juno version of [Umee's price feeder](https://github.com/umee-network/umee/tree/main/price-feeder), work with SDK 0.45.9.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is Juno's version of [Umee's price feeder](https://github.com/umee-network/umee/tree/main/price-feeder), intended to work with SDK 0.45.11.
```
